---
layout: post
title:  "Chillin"
date:   2015-04-29 22:57:51
categories: git rambling laptop VNC ipad
---

I've moved my site over to something even less power hungry and even more hacker friendly- my git repo!
It serves my site without me having to worry about dynamic DNS and trying to set up a python script such that my little Pi would update GoDaddy with it's new IP address every now and then. phew.

This setup also has the side benefit of enabling me to simply write posts from any computer and commit them to my git repo. A little more flexible than shelling into my Pi, I think.
I'll try to set it up as a wireless TV box instead. ;)

I've been doing some of the tutorials at [Team Treehouse][th], which have got me excited to apply some of the CSS skills they've taught me. I highly recommend checking them out. They've got a two week trial and it really showcases how excellent education is going to be in a few years.

The idea of doing some design has also got me setting up a VNC client on my iPad, so that I can use a stylus to draw things in GIMP. It wasn't too hard to do- I had it basically set up but for the fact that my Laptop's firewall was blocking access attempts from the Pad. one quick 'sudo ufw disable' got it working.

However, I quickly earned from here that the Vino VNC server, isn't all that flash hot and kept crashing.
I just installed vnc4server and then started with

{% highlight bash%}
x11vnc -storepasswd
{% endhighlight%}

to create my VNC password, then
{% highlight bash %}
x11vnc -auth guess -forever -loop -noxdamage -repeat -rfbauth /home/anthony/.vnc/passwd -rfbport 5900 -shared
{% endhighlight %}
to start the VNC server. Worked like a charm after that!

Now I need to practice with gimp and start trying to draw a cool logo! =D

[th]: http://www.teamtreehouse.com/
